[BE-3192]: Added test report comp doc, improved ios versioning and ad… (#451)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/workflows/ios-specific-workflow-steps/ios-increment-build-and-version-number.md

---
title: iOS Increment Build and Version Number
description: Learn how to increment the version code and version name of an iOS application in Appcircle
tags: [versioning, ios, build version, version code, version name]
sidebar_position: 1
---

import Screenshot from '@site/src/components/Screenshot';

# iOS Increment Build and Version Number

> The **iOS Increment Build and Version Number** step is managed with **iOS Versioning**. Detailed information about this step, such as [**Prerequisites**](/versioning/android-version#enabling-version-management), [**Input Variables**](/versioning/ios-version#input-variables), and [**Output Variables**](/versioning/ios-version#output-values) variables, can be found in the document below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **iOS Increment Build and Version Number** step is controlled by **iOS Versioning**. For detailed information about this step, including [**Prerequisites**](/versioning/android-version#enabling-version-management), [**Input Variables**](/versioning/ios-version#input-variables), and[**Output Variables**](/versioning/ios-version#output-values), please refer to the documentation below:
```
